Please select the word that rhymes with “Pet.”
If tomorrow is Friday what would today be?
From the list of words below, please choose the word chicken.

please select the sanswer that states "x".

Of the ice cream flavors listed below, one may be your favorite. However, we would like you to select tennis to continue.

Please select the 5th month of a year from the following options.

For quality assurance purposes, please pick blue from the list below.

Please select the proper way to spell “helper” in reverse?

Just a quick simple math question. What is 3 plus 6?

What is another name for a BABY DOG?


Which is the following is NOT a type of berry?
Blackberry
Blueberry
Purse
Raspberry
Strawberry

which one is not in liquid state?
water
tea
milk
watermelon

Please select coffee from the options below.

What is another name for a BABY DOG?


Please select the proper way to spell “helper” in reverse?

How many sides does a TRIANGLE have?

Which of the following is NOT a planet in our solar system?

to help us keep track of where you are choose the picture of a fish


What items would you most likely see in an office?
-all answers are good except 1

Which of the following animals is the smallest, when fully grown?

Just a quick simple math question. What is 3 plus 6?

were you able to see this advertisement?


keep cache of questions, they may re-ask.




a boy had 5 marbles and lost two. how many does he have now.

a girl has 3 marbles and she loses 1

in the text box below please type x

counting back from 5, which number follows 4

which of the following words rhymes with house
mouse

select flower from the options below

counting back from 100 what number comes next
which of the following is starbucks most known for? - coffee

which one of these is a color


Which of the following names does NOT start with the letter "M"?



2. From time to time, we'd like to make sure you're reading survey questions carefully. Select the picture below that does NOT include an image of a hammer. * *




This question is a little different. We would like to ensure our panelists are able to see and respond to our questions properly. To verify that you have read this carefully please answer the below question:

Response should be Purple Cat


5. Most modern theories of decision making recognize the fact that decisions do not take place in a vacuum. 
Individual preferences and knowledge, along with situational variables can greatly influence the decision making process. 
Specifically, we are interested in whether you actually take time to read the directions; So in order to demonstrate 
that you have read the instructions, please select ONLY "Reading Instructions" from the list below, 
and not any other hobbies that you may have.

https://www.dailybreak.com/rewards

2. From time to time, we'd like to make sure you're reading survey questions carefully. Select the picture of the banana below. *

In which year are we?
expecting 2017

How many days are there in September?



please select "might or might not see"



What age did you turn at your last birthday?


Which of the following is NOT a type of fruit?

If tomorrow will be Friday then yesterday must be?







Finish the following nursery rhyme line: "Twinkle, twinkle, little ________ "



Which of the following is the closest to coffee?
tea


How many answer choices does this question have?
For quality purposes, please select the number five as your answer to this question.
To demonstrate that you are reading each question carefully, please select the option for three to five years as your answer below.



Which of the following names does NOT start with the letter "M"?

Of the ice cream flavors listed below, one may be your favorite. However, we would like you to select tennis to continue.

Just a quick simple math question. What is 3 plus 6?

If today is Tuesday, tomorrow is... (please type your response). 
Please look at the picture above. Which of the following words best describes this picture?
For security purposes, please enter a '3' in the box below.
To ensure that the rest of the survey is loading properly, please select the word "Yellow" from below.

If you are paying close attention, choose the answer option with the number four in it below.
